[Music]
this has become a familiar scene after
10 months of Israeli
bombardments people mourning the friends
and family members maybe even a
neighbor sometimes it's a husband saying
goodbye to his
[Music]
wife or a mother hugging the lifeless bu
of her daughter singing you are a piece
of my
heart it's a broken heart like so many
others in
Gaza Muslims are traditionally always
[Music]
buried and someone has to dig the grave
inun nii Abu is that
person since the War Began we haven't
stopped even for a minute there's no
place left to bury people we're
exhausted I wish for this war to end our
lives have been ruined today alone I dug
at least 70 Graves as the death toll
reaches 40,000
people it's back pricking
work the concrete slab is
heavy as is the responsibility he feels
to continue with this difficult
job many do not get head stones or even
their own grave if they are lucky a
concrete block mark where the Mortal
remains
lie it's our profession we have been
digging Graves for our dead since the
start of the war we have run out of
space we're having to open the old
Graves to bury people inside we have
reached a situation where we're forced
to bury people on top of one another in
the middle of this war this is one man's
battle to provide some simpling of
dignity for the dead one resting place
at a time tar abum Al jazer darl bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz